---
layout: post
title: "Why Innovation? What have I learnt?"
author: "Elena Davies"
categories: Innovation, Design Thinking
tags: [innovation,intro]
image: olight.png 
---

Despite the numerous counts of people asking me what Innovation even is and why on earth would I do it with History as a degree... I feel that I have learnt so much! 

I feel comfortable collaborating across disciplines in all of my projects, remaining adaptable and ideating practical solutions even when things do not go our way. In our peojects we usually implement the Double Diamond Approach during the design process as it prevents designers from rushing into the prototyping stage.

My favourite part of the design process is usually conducting user research, it informs and guides my design ideas. I have found however that History deals with a lot of 'wicked' problems that often call for clumsy solutions, learning more about how the world we live in came to be is so important to me especially when we consider the socio-economic problems the world is currently facing. 

I hve found that I am very creative and love trying new things. From working in transdiscplinary groups, I have learnt and developed lots of new skills such as making a website, video editing, proper research, prototyping in a lab and more!

Innovation has taught me how to properly self-relect. An awareness of your strengths and weaknesses is integral to one's personal development. I am always eager to learn and improve myself so other people's feedback is always taken on board and used to channel a more productive output. From studying Innovation, it has not only provided me with adaptable, transferable skills to use within any workplace, but also provided me with personal skillsets. For example, although I have always been confident with presenting, I now know how to present with concise, relevant information and how to present myself in a professional but approachable manner. My communication skills have also improved. Working in teams forces individuals to communicate goals clearly and listen to eachother in order to better their organisation as a group, meeting deadlines and collaborating to create a result!